# DataImputExpSmoothing
Data Cleaning is the process of finding and correcting the inaccurate/incorrect data that are present in the dataset. One such process needed is to do something about the values that are missing in the dataset. For this project i used SimpleImputer with most frequent and mean strategies, as well as KNNImputation method

# Imputation methods
For various reasons, many real world datasets contain missing values, often encoded as blanks, NaNs or other placeholders. Such datasets however are incompatible with scikit-learn estimators which assume that all values in an array are numerical, and that all have and hold meaning. A basic strategy to use incomplete datasets is to discard entire rows and/or columns containing missing values. However, this comes at the price of losing data which may be valuable (even though incomplete). A better strategy is to impute the missing values, i.e., to infer them from the known part of the data. 
The SimpleImputer class provides basic strategies for imputing missing values. Missing values can be imputed with a provided constant value, or using the statistics (mean, median or most frequent) of each column in which the missing values are located. This class also allows for different missing values encodings.
The choosen strategies are most frequent and mean.
The KNNImputer class provides imputation for filling in missing values using the k-Nearest Neighbors approach. By default, a euclidean distance metric that supports missing values, nan_euclidean_distances, is used to find the nearest neighbors. Each missing feature is imputed using values from n_neighbors nearest neighbors that have a value for the feature. The feature of the neighbors are averaged uniformly or weighted by distance to each neighbor. If a sample has more than one feature missing, then the neighbors for that sample can be different depending on the particular feature being imputed. When the number of available neighbors is less than n_neighbors and there are no defined distances to the training set, the training set average for that feature is used during imputation. If there is at least one neighbor with a defined distance, the weighted or unweighted average of the remaining neighbors will be used during imputation. If a feature is always missing in training, it is removed during transform. 
